c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Users\danielnguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\danielnguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\proj1 inspecDiaglog\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
